engine: add changelog for 20.10.12 (#13964)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/release-notes/index.md

# Version 20.10

## 20.10.12
2021-12-12

This release of Docker Engine contains changes in packaging only, and provides
updates to the `docker scan` and `docker buildx` commands. Versions of `docker scan`

> before v0.11.0 are not able to [Log4j 2 CVE-2021-44228](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-44228),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before v0.11.0 are not able to detect the [Log4j 2 CVE-2021-44228](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-44228),
```

Author: Ah, thx; updated 👍

> before v0.11.0 are not able to detect the [Log4j 2 CVE-2021-44228](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-44228),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before v0.11.0 are not able to detect the [Log4j 2 CVE-2021-44228](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-44228).
```

> and we are shipping an updated version of `docker scan` in this release to help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are shipping an updated version of `docker scan` in this release to help
```

you scan your images for this vulnerability.

> **Note**
>
> The `docker scan` command on Linux is currently only supported on x86 platforms.
> We do not yet provide a package for other hardware architectures on Linux.

The `docker scan` feature is provided as a separate package and depending on your

> upgrade- or installation method, may not be updated automatically to the latest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upgrade or installation method, may not be updated automatically to the latest
```

version. Use the instructions below to update `docker scan` to the latest version.

> These instructions can also be used if you want to install, or upgrade the `docker scan`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use these instructions to install, or upgrade the `docker scan`
```

plugin without upgrading the Docker Engine:

On `.deb` based distros, such as Ubuntu and Debian:

```console
$ apt-get update && apt-get install docker-scan-plugin
```

On rpm-based distros, such as CentOS or Fedora:

```console
$ yum install docker-scan-plugin
```

After upgrading, verify you have the latest version of `docker scan` installed:

```console
$ docker scan --accept-license --version
Version:    v0.11.0
Git commit: c8da19f

> Provider:   Snyk (1.563.0 (standalone))

Author: Note to self: need to update these tomorrow

```

[Read our blog post on CVE-2021-44228](https://www.docker.com/blog/apache-log4j-2-cve-2021-44228/)
to learn how to use the `docker scan` command to check if images are vulnerable.

## Packaging

> - Update `docker scan` to [v0.11.0](https://github.com/docker/scan-cli-plugin/releases/tag/v0.11.0).

Author: And here
